docs - troubleshooting sql, error messages, and sql error messages (#22115)
metabase/metabase: docs/troubleshooting-guide/error-message.md

# What type of error message do you see?

## API error messages

> - The error message appears in red text when you load a dashboard or run a question.
> - The error message contains a three-digit API error code, such as `400` or `404`.
> - If your error message contains part of your SQL query, go to SQL error messages below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Appear in red text when you load a dashboard or run a question.
- Contain a three-digit API error code, such as `400` or `404`.

If your error message contains part of your SQL query, go to SQL error messages below.
```

Eliminates the repitition.

> ### What to do:

Reviewer: Think we can skip the "What to do " headings, and just link to where people should go.

- Search for your error code or ask the community on [Discourse][discourse].

## [SQL error messages][sql-error-message]

> - The error message appears in red text when you run a question that uses the [SQL editor][sql-editor].
> - The error message contains part of your SQL query, such as a column or table name.
> - The error message may also contain a three-digit API error code, such as `400` or `404`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Appear in red text when you run a question that uses the [SQL editor][sql-editor].
- Contain part of your SQL query, such as a column or table name.
- May also contain a three-digit API error code, such as `400` or `404`.
```

### What to do:

- Go to [Troubleshooting SQL error messages][sql-error-message].
- If you can’t solve your problem using the troubleshooting guides, search for your error message or ask the community on [Discourse][discourse].

> ## Metabase error messages

Reviewer: Would images of each of these different error types be useful?

Author: Yeah, good call. I imagine I'll be updating these pages frequently, will generate some errors for both examples and images on the next go-around.
